Hello everybody and welcome to this tutorial.
Today we will be importing custom chains of proxies.
Now I have done literally no prep work for this, deliberately
because I want to see if I encounter any problems
by doing just the first time around on Kali Linux
and if I do, I want to resolve it together with you
because if I encounter them, chances are that you will encounter them as well.
So automatically you will know how to solve them
but I don't predict any special problems there.
This should fairly straightforward.
So let's just go and type in "Free socks5 proxies"
and see if we can find any for ourselves.
So "Socks Proxy -- Free Socks5 and Socks4 Proxy List"
Let's see what this website has to offer.
Excellent
So we have a lot of these things here that we can use
Anonymity, anonymous
I suppose they all claim that they're anonymous
but that's really questionable.
Generally you want to be using proxies in countries
that have a good reputation for not airing your private browsing information
or something like that
So, the countries that do have a good reputation with that...
Well, China doesn't share much with anybody else
Russia doesn't do that either
There's Netherlands as well
If they have Netherlands here, that would be awesome
because Netherlands has fantastic privacy policies
in terms of information.
In terms of personal user information
and Germany's also not bad.
So those are some the countries which you can use that are fantastic
in terms of privacy
They will not share your traffic with pretty much anyone
or so they say
or so they claim
Who will you trust is completely up to you
but again, it doesn't really matter that much to you
primarily because most of the work that we're doing here
or should I say, all the work that we're
doing here is white hat
and all of it is legal.
So you can use any of these to simulate a real attack
and even if you can reverse tracks
and find yourself, it's still okay
as long as you are using some sort of proxy to give real time circumstances
and encounter real time problems.
Also to circumvent firewalls and so on
because if you want to see Netflix or something like that
you will need a proxy in the United States
Most likely won't be able to do from the proxy
or you will be, but you will need a really good one
rather instead, you will need a VPN.
Anyway, without further adieu, you have an IP address here
which we will need.
You have a port number here
We won't need this
and we will need a version.
So we'll need version.
Okay, they are multiple pages for this.
So actually, let's see if there are any proxies from Netherlands.
Nope, Netherlands is not even listed here.
Okay, nevermind
I'm sure that it does exist on some other websites.
I have seen them and I'm inclined to use them
primarily because they're good policies
but for our purpose today, it's truly irrelevant
So let's just go ahead and select the first five from the list.
So I need to copy this
open up my terminal
and let's just make our screen convenient
so we can do a ton load of copy/pasting.
There we go
Just do this, and let's grab the Firefox browser.
Just expanded it accordingly.
Excellent
So I have everything that I need.
I have port number version and the IP address.
I need to expand the terminal a little bit to gain on size.
Excellent
Clear the screen for any inconveniences
nano /etc/proxychains.conf
Make sure that dynamic is selected
and that everything else is commented out.
Go scroll down to the bottom
and let's go
Now we need to specify our proxy chains.
Go ahead and start typing.
Anything special we need to know here?
Nope, it doesn't specify anything special.
Let's just go ahead and type in...
You don't need to use capital letters, just so you know
So "Socks5"
and paste the IP address.
Bit of a longer IP address.
Let's go ahead and and tabs here to be on the safe side
so that all is neatly done and sorted.
So it's 33169
Press ENTER
So Socks5
What is the next one?
The next one is 94.180.123.34
and the port number is 1080
Let's take the next one.
We just need do this a bit faster.
So Socks...
Oops sorry, this one is actually Socks4
and the next one is actually socks5
As you can see, it's a fairly simple process.
I mean, there's nothing really special that you need to do here.
Just create a list, which you will end up using
I can assure you that more than half of these proxies do not work.
Not because I can see some information screen that you can
but rather instead, because I had experiences with such proxies
and they generally do not tend to work
but enough of them works for you to be able to anonymize yourself
to a good extent.
So next one is 18060
Make sure you get the ports right, because if you get a wrong port
your connections will be dropped by default on that IP address
and you'll think the proxy is malfunctioning or something like that
but it's not
it's just you typing in a wrong port
So again, we have Socks5
IP address here
What is the port number? 1080 again
You will see that some port numbers have been standardized
and they are just rolling, they're repeating
You don't need to do that much thinking there
Press ENTER
I just wanna separate them from these
and let's go ahead...
Oops, sorry
I can just save it. It doesn't matter.
Nope, I don't want the different name
Excellent
Messed up the name
Okay, so let's exit nano
Expand our beloved terminal
The holy grail of power
Type in pretty much the same thing as we typed in the previous tutorials
"proxychains firefox www.duckduckgo.com"
So just keep in mind that you can type in any URL here
and as long as it's valid, it will open it.
So just go ahead and see what happens.
Press ENTER
Nothing...Literally nothing
What happened? It didn't even start proxy chains with it.
Why not? Well, you need to close the browser first.
We unfortunately had this list open
that continuously keeps changing as well.
That's a problem, because you cannot have Firefox open
and then start it again through proxy chains.
You need to close it completely.
Make sure that it is completely closed.
I can see nothing in my working menu down there
down at the bottom of the screen
and let's try again.
Same thing
See, now it's taking a bit longer.
As soon as you see that something flies through with proxy chains
using proxies that's really fast
you know that something is wrong
because there's no way it's gonna be fast.
So do we got here?
Timeout
Timeout again
We have timeouts
and it's a dynamic chain, so it's trying to so through all of them
but it's skipping those that are not functional.
At the beginning stages, a long time ago
I was like "I'm gonna use 50 proxies and I'm gonna be completely anonymous!"
No no
I wasn't even able to load the basic of sites
or issue even the basic of requests for that.
You need to keep it low in terms of proxies, depending on their speed
Excellent
So hopefully one of them is going to pass
and one of them is going to work.
This is one way of looking at it and trying to figure it out.
Another way is just looking at the screen and see what's happening here.
So I'm just waiting for at least one of them...
Yep, there we go.
One of them said "OK"
but it needs to go and try all the others out as well
before it can actually verify
what is it that's going to use in order to open this side up.
Hopefully it's not gonna take too much time.
So you see, we have all of these timeouts
and only one of them was okay.
Which one was okay?
[DNS response] duckduckgo.com
There we go. It should be open now.
No, it is not.
This was just an DNS response.
Does not exist...hmm, have I mistyped this?
duckduckgo...No, I don't believe I have.
Okay, it's formulating a request again through different series.
Come on, please succeed
Excellent
This one didn't succeed
Well, now it has
[DNS response] www.duckduckgo.com is 50.18.192.250
Have you opened it? Please tell me you have.
No you have not
Okay, we gotta wait a bit longer
and this is the sad reality of using proxies.
If I had used one or two, this would have been a lot simpler
but I just wanted to make a point here
and show you you're not going to get anywhere
if you're using a lot of free proxies
and imagine scanning like a hundred hosts using proxy chains like this
and this would be the amount of time that it would take
to even load a basic website.
Imagine how long a scan would take.
It would take forever.
Okay, so finally it is requesting information on port 443
As you can see, all of the above communication
was attempting to get a response from DNS server.
We still haven't even...
Look, this is how much information has been processed
before we even started to load duckduckgo.com
As you can see by the port names, the 53 are DNS ports
and we go down below, you can see that finally
I'm looking for port 443 somewhere around here.
I swear I saw it moment ago
1080 -- That's a proxy port
This is a proxy port as well
53 again
DNS resolution port
Yep, there we go!
443 has begun here.
It's still loading it
I wonder has it opened it?
Yep, there we go.
It is up and running.
The site is functional
but it has taken us a lot of time to open it, using a lot of free proxies.
So stick to two or three at max
and it should work
and stick with the ones that have the best reviews
and so on.
Stick with the ones that have the greatest up time as well.
That's one of the routes you can take.
In any case, I bid you farewell
and I hope to see you all in the next tutorial.